# Ardennes-3 Colony LC Evergreen // 2.24.5014u

The squad having defeated their foes, both Raiders and Machines, made their way back to **EVERGREEN** for a time of relaxation over chocolate cake, sans **C1-770**. After her panic attack, **C1-770** bundled herself into the blankets of her bed. The rest of the squad celebrated with cake and the closest thing to jet fuel you could reasonably ingest. Most drank moderately, but **THERION** and **PALADIN** turned it into a game, with Paladin ending up the loser of both the game and his cake. Mumbling about the Baronies, he was taken back to his room to retire by **ZU**, with many of the squad following in suit back to their rooms for the night. That night, **SPOOKY** was visited by a strange dream. A dream of a reflective lake and five floating figures above it.

# Ardennes-3 Colony LC Evergreen // 2.25.5014u

Having time to themselves, the group begins work on projects and interests before they submit their reports to **PATIENCE_EVERGREEN_1**.

**HIGHLANDER** is currently in interrogation with the sniper known as **VENOM**. The man so far seems to have a large distrust of **UNION**, even stating that he wished he had killed **THERION** in the attack had he known the Squad's affiliation. Things have not lined up yet through questioning. **HIGHLANDER** unsure of how to proceed with her questioning took a walk to clear her head. She recalled things talked about from **[THE BROADCAST]** and the situation that **Hercynia** has found itself in before and now. The likely use of **TBK (TOTAL BIOME KILL)**, the scattered armaments left around, but at the same time the unlikelyhood that any regular pirate or claim jumper would have such feelings towards **UNION** in the way that he does.

**PALADIN** having received word of an easily accessible mech near the **CHAU FARM** rode off to see what could be salvaged, if anything, from the wreck. Travelling through a wide pass between two peaks, he finds a small nook near the smaller peak on the east side of the pass, where the mech lay half buried in the ground. Though the cockpit was sealed, the safety mechanisms were disabled. Triggering the latch made easy work of the job. Immediately **PALADIN** was greeted with the foul odor of death and the view of a badly decomposed corpse in a hardsuit dressed in **SECCOM** livery still in the cockpit. Inside of the mech he found the following: Blue gel covering the floor and back of the cockpit. A faded photograph on the corpse. The electonics having been fused by what looks like heat. An NHP casket leaking the blue gel at the seems, with dataplating reading **RINGDOWN-001**. A battle recorder box with the manufacture date, the current date, and a log created by the pilot. Turning back, **PALADIN** was met with two steel doors standing between him and his mech. After some trepidation and testing, feeling cold and a rise in radioactivity, he pushed through only to find himself in the cold tundra as far as he could see. Once more turning back, the doors were gone. He was stuck to fend for himself in the desolate wasteland, but thankfully was more than equipped to deal with his current situation for now. Finding an ice cave, he hunkered down for several hours. Afterwhich the doors returned again. Checking for detailings on the doors but finding nothing, he pushed through once again and found himself just north of **MERRICKTOWN**. **PALADIN** contacted **ZU**, who managed to be free after his stint with the **MILITIA** and picked up **PALADIN** for a ride back to his mech. After **ZU** interacted with the mech, it seemed that the mech was at least viable enough to be refurbished, but not without a lot of work. Contacting **EVERGREEN**, the pilots escorted a carrier truck back to the colony with **PALADIN'S** new(old) **GENGHIS MK1 "WORLDKILLER"**.

**THERION** having been given the location to an old unexplored **SECCOM** bunker to the west went to investigate by **FIREHOSE** and **YESMAN**. The bunker, breaking apart by the wrapped tree roots, hidden by moss and lichen, had its front doors sealed from the weight and pressure of the duracrete around it. The bunker location seemed to be built at a strategically important location, being near the for of **RIVER LANDMARK**. Using her thermite charge, she melted apart and broke away the doors to make her way inside. Acrid, filthy water filled the sunken floor in the center of the first room. Wading in, **THERION** nearly fell into the deeper water. She chose to take the plunge, finding herself in murky waters that filled a barracks room. Muddy water making the search of the room difficult, she found: a heavily corroded assault rifle, an ancient ration package that she entended to show **FIREHOSE** and **YESMAN**, and a sealed metallic folio case. Back to the surface and on the solid ground of the bunker, she easily opened the case with it's heavily corroded hinges and locks. The folio containing a single sheet of paper sealed in an all-weather bag. Coming back the next day, **THERION** explored the bunker interior once more, coming up with nothing for her troubles however. Exploring the exterior she checked the local area finding an ancient graveyard just to the north, with the graves marked with roughly 2x3 feet stone tablets placed at odd angles. Their markings worn away by time. She dug up three of them, looking for anything she might be able to use or info to take. The third grave's corpse having a license for an **ENKIDU** on an external drive in their pocket. Picking torso sized flowers from the nearby area, she laid them onto the refilled and disturbed graves in remembrance. **THERION** headed back to town with her new license that just needed to have it transfered to her.

**SPOOKY** Spent a couple of days building an overclocking program to temporarily improve one of her squadmate's mech's SYSTEMS. She had another odd dream. One of pillars in a plain. Occasionally she's been seen staring at inoccuous things or people for periods of time. When asked, she seems to snap out of a trance. One such trance had her interacting with a ten year old child, **SEAN YU**. Recognizing her for one of the **LANCERS** that saved them, he rushed her and began asking a *lot* of questions. Before running off at his teacher's beckon, he offered to show her something cool for being so awesome. **SPOOKY** might take him up on his offer.

**ZU** decided to explore the militia's portion of the **Governor's Farm** while carrying his dataslate with a direct line to his mech's NHP, **DOC HOLLIDAY*. Getting caught up in the talk and the sights, he didn't realize he walked into the restricted area with the militia's weaponry and gear. Some smooth talking was able to get him out without the need to spend the night in lockup, but not without getting some distasteful looks from those in the militia. A little bit of time and it should all blow over. Just needing an excuse to get away for a time, and just on time, **ZU** received a call from **PALADIN** for a ride back to his mech after mysteriously ending up more than thiry miles away from it. Obliging he carried his friend back to his mech using **ANZU**. Seeing what **PALADIN** was out there for, he interacted with the mech. Discovering that not only was the mech could be refurbished, or what it's purpose and use was, but that the NHP that used to live within the mech was an **AGNI-CLASS NHP**. Contacting **EVERGREEN**, the pilots excavated and then escorted **PALADIN'S** new(old) mech. The **GENGHIS MK1 "WORLDKILLER"**.

**RASPUTIN** after waking up the next morning from their mission and having only taking a single bite of her cake the night before, set out without so much as a word to her teammates. Any inquires to where she's at, she only gives them roughly triangulated coordinates that places her to the west of **MT. COOPER**. Searching the area she finds an oblong hole with the dirt inside having been recently disturbed, with piles of it around the perimeter of the hole, along with faded tracks from subalterns and the unmistakable tracks of a mech. Heaily corroded metal shards are buried deeper in the hold, along with shredded synthetic fabric, the kind seen worn by the subalterns in **EVERGREEN**. Analyzation of the chassis footprints match them to a **BREACHER** or **BERSERKER** class. Furthering her search, she finds a **LAKE HARRIDAN** and follows the river south to a cave leading into **MT. COOPER'S** westerly twin. Completely overrun with roots and foliage, **RASPUTIN** carves herself a deep path into the cave entrance. Following the river the path leads to a pile of boulders and a cave roof so high you can't it. She fires a single pistol shot at the roof, waiting for the ricochet echo to come back more than a second later. Urging herself to keep going, she climbed the pile of boulders to a sight. A crack letting in the setting **HERCYNIAN** sun, illuminating a field of boulders who rest on top of a layer of possibly Obsidian that has been coated in a thick layer of dust and dirt, with the river continuing on, turning more rapid and turbulent from boulders interrupting the flow, and a long pathway high up on the wall. Using her skills to climb up, she follows the path to a **RANGER VARIANT SWALLOWTAIL** that had apparently fell from a great height as indicated by it's snapped winch and collapsed side. The cockpit seemingly been dug out, she connected into it's systems with her **SUBJECTIVITY ENHANCEMENT SUITE**, finding a heavily damaged file on something called **OPERATION EMPEROR** and a damaged license for the mech. With some tech help, she might be able to recover the rest of it, or splice it with another license should she find another. Figuring she was done, she left the cave and headed south, following the river. 
