# Ardennes-3 Colony LC Evergreen // 2.24.5014u

The squad having defeated their foes, both Raiders and Machines, made their way back to **EVERGREEN** for a time of relaxation over chocolate cake, sans **C1-770**. After her panic attack, **C1-770** bundled herself into the blankets of her bed. The rest of the squad celebrated with cake and the closest thing to jet fuel you could reasonably ingest. Most drank moderately, but **THERION** and **PALADIN** turned it into a game, with Paladin ending up the loser of both the game and his cake. Mumbling about the Baronies, he was taken back to his room to retire by **ZU**, with many of the squad following in suit back to their rooms for the night. That night, **SPOOKY** was visited by a strange dream. A dream of a reflective lake and five floating figures above it.

# Ardennes-3 Colony LC Evergreen // 2.25.5014u

Having time to themselves, the group begins work on projects and interests before they submit their reports to **PATIENCE_EVERGREEN_1**.

**HIGHLANDER** is currently in interrogation with the sniper known as **VENOM**. The man so far seems to have a large distrust of **UNION**, even stating that he wished he had killed **THERION** in the attack had he known the Squad's affiliation. Things have not lined up yet through questioning. **HIGHLANDER** unsure of how to proceed with her questioning took a walk to clear her head. She recalled things talked about from **[THE BROADCAST]** and the situation that **Hercynia** has found itself in before and now. The likely use of **TBK (TOTAL BIOME KILL)**, the scattered armaments left around, but at the same time the unlikelyhood that any old pirate or claim jumper would have such feelings towards **UNION** in the way that he does.

**PALADIN** having received word of an easily accessible mech near the **CHAU FARM** rode off to see what could be salvaged, if anything, from the wreck. Travelling through a wide pass between two peaks, he finds a small nook near the smaller peak on the east side of the pass, where the mech lay half buried in the ground. Though the cockpit was sealed, the safety mechanisms were disabled. Triggering the latch made easy work of the job. Immediately **PALADIN** was greeted with the foul odor of death and the view of a badly decomposed corpse in a hardsuit dressed in **SECCOM** livery still in the cockpit. Inside of the mech he found the following: Blue gel covering the floor and back of the cockpit. A faded photograph on the corpse. The electonics having been fused by what looks like heat. An NHP casket leaking the blue gel at the seems, with dataplating reading **AGNI**. A battle recorder box with the manufacture date, the current date, and a log created by the pilot. Turning back, **PALADIN** was met with two steel doors standing between him and his mech. After some trepidation and testing, feeling cold and a rise in radioactivity, he pushed through only to find himself in the cold tundra as far as he could see. Once more turning back, the doors were gone. He was stuck to fend for himself in the desolate wasteland, but thankfully was more than equipped to deal with his current situation for now. Finding an ice cave, he hunkered down for several hours. Afterwhich the doors returned again. Checking for detailings on the doors but finding nothing, he pushed through once again and found himself just north of **MERRICKTOWN**. **PALADIN** contacted **ZU**, who managed to be free after his stint with the **MILITIA** and picked up **PALADIN** for a ride back to his mech. After **ZU** interacted with the mech, it seemed that the mech was at least viable enough to be refurbished, but not without a lot of work. Contacting **EVERGREEN**, the pilots escorted a carrier truck back to the colony with **PALADIN'S** new(old) **GENGHIS MK1 "WORLDKILLER"**.

